Top Trump official John Kelly ordered ICE to portray immigrants as criminals to justify raids by
7/ On March 31, Trump held the first meeting of his national security team. A photo from that day shows even more new people had been added.
Schwarzenegger deja 'Celebrity Apprentice' tras disputas con Trump | by
probably someone should tell Trump that it is a Federal Crime to threaten a member of the US Government
Donald Trump and the Wrecking-Ball Presidency #CannotBeTrumped
My real-time fact check of Trump on his false claim Obama & other presidents didn't call families of the fallen.
Last year, HRC had a bout of pneumonia and got help walking. Media frenzy.
Trump was helped going up three stairs yesterday. Crickets.
People talk trash about Trump all day. But when Gregg Popovich calls him a "soulless coward" it feels like a moment.
Hilarys Clinton's UK tour of whining about how she is such a terrible politician she lost to trump
Panel on Trump Ends Obamacare Subsidies that Help Lower-Income Families. #Obamacare
Not only has Corker voiced Concern about the CROOKED LUNATIC in the W.H., but McCain & Panetta has too. ONLY CROOKED GOP THUGS SUPPORT TRUMP
No Kidding..
Donald Trump Has a 53% Approval Rating in Russia
Donald Trump Has a 35% Approval Rating in the USA
We have a businessman in office Stock market has risen, not tanked like liberals predicted;yet, no credit to Trump
Top Trump official John Kelly ordered ICE to portray immigrants as criminals to justify raids by
Trump on the follow-up: "Pres. Obama I think probably did sometimes and maybe sometimes he didn't. I don't know, that's what I was told."
Trump on claiming Obama didn't call soldiers' families: "Ask General Kelly if he got a call"
Well Jane, Trump Train is proud to stand with a POTUS who fights for the American people and puts us first
You keep resisting while we #MAGA
NYPost bluntly calls out POTUS lie about Obama not calling families of troops in headline
Snapchat owner worth the same as Donald Trump($3.1 billion) & in Pakistan, young engineers are commiting suicide for not having job.
#Irony
Yo,Trump, you piece of drek! You think this is acting? This anguish on a great leaders face? You think this is a game? U r a disgrace!
Breaking: Trump Drug Czar nominee Tom Marino OUT this is the reporter who broke the story Sunday on Marimo as Trumps swampiest move:
Popovich: "This man in the Oval Office is a soulless coward who thinks that he can only become large by belittling."

Is Donald Trump invoking the death of John Kelly's son to make a snarky, petty point designed to obfuscate his own clear lies?
"Im being very nice. Im being very, very nice. But at some point I fight back and it wont be pretty." -- Trump on McCain critique
Californians wonder why Trump isnt tweeting about the fatal wildfires
John McCain just delivered a total and complete takedown of Trumpism #resist
Mr. Trump forgot to tell these truckers in Pennsylvania that only the top 0.2% of Americans would benefit by repealing the estate tax.
Since Trump likes to say he's a "business man," he should appreciate that Obama avoided a depression & grew the stock market by 250%.
What President Trump isn't tweeting about
How many times does Trump have to tell an outright lie for every news outlet to start headlines with In an outright lie, Trump said...
Hillary called Trump a "Putin Puppet" to his face at a debate; he went crazy. The next day the media said she went too far.
TRUMP: Obama didnt blargedy blarg blarg blarg
PETE SOUZA: lol no
Is Donald Trump invoking the death of John Kelly's son to make a snarky, petty point designed to obfuscate his own clear lies?
JUST IN: Avalere, an independent consulting firm: Trump's ACA default will cause substantial losses for insurers in 2017.
I said this was going to happen from the very beginning.
Trump's Drug Czar pick is an opioid industry shill, continuing his pattern of appointing the worst possible humans.
Sacked Anthony Scaramucci brands Trump political genius
(THREAD) BREAKING: A recent revelation sheds new light on the Trump-Russia timelineparticularly the relationship Flynn had with the Trumps.
In my defense, I'm a simple man. Met a girl, married her, faithful to her, love her now & forever. Not "devout" like Newt, Rudy, Trump, etc.
. on Trump claiming Obama didnt contact families of fallen troops: "With this President, on a daily basis he makes sh** up"
Trump in the white house and the Yankees in the Pennant Race. Its great to be American.
TRUMP. Pathetic little man, uses vets as props 4 his wars w press, Obama & real American heroes. Disgusting!
Mr Trump #POTUS is suffering (OOCD)
Obama Obsessive Compulsive Disorder
For those of you keepin' score at home.
Trump Approval: 36%
Obama Approval : 63%
Another example of how the media did better vetting than the Trump administration, forcing withdrawal of a nominee.
It is now virtually impossible to say which Trump appointee is the most ridiculous.
Donald Trump and the Wrecking-Ball Presidency
Dying Boy Denied Organ Transplant Over Donor #Gun Charge #MAGA #TRUMP
Good work, Trump voters. (And he didn't lock her up.)
32/ This is critical from a legal standpointas it establishes that Trump had sufficient knowledge about these figures' issues to hide them.
JUST IN: Pennsylvania ObamaCare premiums will rise 30 percent after Trump cut subsidies
Trump's Iran Policy: Good Start #FasterPlease Michael Ledeen: Good start, faster, please!
Unhinged anyone bothering with this retarded fool should put a green glow in the dark helmet.
This guy is Never Trump big time.
Moron
There's a lot suffering the stock market does nothing for the national debt which is climbing and because this jackass took an ax to healthcare watch the market fall good luck. The right will have to elect a dem to bail them out. #impeach
President Trump is expected to declare an opioid epidemic in the U.S. next week in efforts to tackle a major issue.
Trump is the least popular president since modern polling began, 13 presidents ago.
35/ Ivanka and Jared, who figure significantly in this thread, pushed for Pence. Jared hated Christie. Here's why:
Donald Trump: I like war heroes who werent captured.
John McCain: I like Presidents whose vision for America is not half-baked, spurious Nationalism cooked up by people who would rather find scapegoats than solve problems.
This is not how you do journalism in the Twitter era. You have to call out the lie in the tweet. is spreading Trumps lie.
Pence is protesting too much. Hes totally in the closet. Come on out mr. VP.
Trump and Pence saying they'd hang gay people is a terrorist threat isn't it? Never been so scared in my life.. #HelpUsAll
Trump stopped arming McCains "rebels" & our hero soldiers just defeated Isis in their capital Raqqa.
McCains hate for Trump make sense now?
JW says Congress's unlawful #Obamacare exemptions should END - and we asked to help make it happen.

Maddow: Pence extremism, unpopularity overlooked in Trump's shadow:
I cant get through any video of trump talking in front of podium without thinking about how insane it is that this dude is the president
From Teddy Roosevelt to Trump: How drug companies triggered an opioid crisis a century ago
Small business owner who attended Trump signing: If I knew he was dismantling ObamaCare, I never would've gone
Remember both GOP and Dems spoke out against Trump's sexual assault issues. The conservative electorate shrugged.
Twitters Anti-Abuse Manager follows an account that gave money to Antifa, wants to assassinate Trump as painful as possible.
Im not petty but I hope Barack Obama goes to the White House in a tan suit, takes a knee, hands Trump a Grey Poupon, & says Happy Holidays.
When announced he had taken out bin Laden, the news cut off the end of Trump's Celebrity Apprentice & Trump's been bitter since
Maddow: Pence extremism, unpopularity overlooked in Trump's shadow:
That's EVERY Trump hating snowflakes BIGGEST problem is that he is COMPETENT, that's why they don't like him. #MAGA
Remove Trump now, or let Dems do it next year. Your choice. #midterms are coming.
"The people around this should be ashamed because they know how unfit he is, yet they choose to do nothing."
Good luck. Kelly was spouting the same racist xenophobic crap Trump was as head of DHS
Trump accomplishes what Obama refused to do: Raqqa: Isis completely driven out of Syria 'capital'
Donald J Trump is a giant among men, one of a kind... Thank you for giving your time, energy, love & money to save us from tyranny.
In a clear shot at President Trump, Sen. John McCain condemns half-baked, spurious nationalism
When 4 dead Americans returned from Benghazi, both Obama & Hillary met them.
When 4 dead Americans returned from Niger, Trump played golf.
Typical Hollywood degenerate. Why do you think these Hollywood freaks, hate Trump so much? Why are they always Democrats? Makes you wonder.
Trump on soldiers killed in Niger: "President Obama and other presidents, most of them didn't make calls ... I call when it's appropriate."
Good work, Trump voters. (And he didn't lock her up.)
Sen to me, responding to Trump saying at some point I fight back: Ive faced far greater challenges than this.
holder telling anyone to stop lying, is the hight of hypocrisy! he never told the truth about anything as a g.
#Oil minister says should let #US oil firms into #Iran

#IranDeal #Zangeneh
Does the media misunderstand Trump voters?
Trump calls past sexual assault allegations against him 'fake news'
Ask yourself this... How many other Real Things did he call FAKE NEWS?
Biden was honored to present John McCain with #LibertyMedal because he handed Trump smear dossier to FBI & voted against Obamacare repeal
Trump is making America HATE again
Trump and McConnell are seeking to aggressively install conservative jurists at the appeals and district court level
BREAKING -- VIDEO: Trump Vows to Counter Punch Turncoat John McCain And It Wont Be Pretty
President Trump is expected to declare an opioid epidemic in the U.S. next week in efforts to tackle a major issue.
Donald Trump Jr. to campaign for
Imagine if Republicans had called out Trump for his long history of sexual assault & harassment instead of making him POTUS
Pres. Trump is right! How many Gold️ families were called by Obama compared to the fuss he made over Mr & Mrs BirdDoo️
54/ Why was Flynn *so* valuable to Trump he could have any job, get Christie kicked out of the administration, get Ivanka directly involved?
Pop on Trump: "Unfit intellectually, emotionally, & psychologically to hold this office & the whole world knows it."
If Trump imposes solar tariffs, installations could drop by 10 to 50% (!) over next 5 years depends on the tariff:
Rep.Tom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar. Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
'Stop the damn lying': Eric Holder on Trump Gold Star Family remark:
Trump has walked away from Obama's efforts to help relocate America's climate refugees--great scoop from
Where is Trump?
Golfing.
All while Hoping we have a devastating earthquake because hes a soulless, spiteful turd.
Wow is this a tag team here?
And you were so offended by Trumps
Man Talk in the locker room.
#LiberalHypocrisy
Brendan McDonough, sole survivor of 2013 Yarnell Fire: "I have full trust and faith in my God that everything happens for a reason."
31/ So investigators mustlikely haveobserved this pattern: Trump named advisors the public could see, then relied on unpalatable figures.
Trump, Should have just stuck to being a con-artist, laundering money for the mob, screwing vets and old ladies, and borrowing $ from Russia
Trump hasn't called families of Green Berets killed in Niger so he falsely accused Obama of never calling families of fallen soldiers either
In 2015, Puerto Rico's poor infrastructure was a problem, yet Trump is being blamed? Obama in office in 2015.
Kellyanne's lies get out of sync with fast changing stream of lies coming from the Liar she's lying to defend.

Lets not forget Devos. Another totally unqualified trump appointee. Made huge campaign contributions to trump. Clearly bought her job.
Trump says Cuba 'is responsible' for attacks on diplomats, but the State Department isn't so sure
#Trump's withdrawal from #IranDeal might complicate talks on other crises on #UN's agenda says
This is better than it appears. >>> Ken Bone isnt an undecided voter anymore.
#eldorme Its time to jump Trump and eliminate the ELD Mandate.. This is our lives and future,our future and yours.No ELD.
Larry Summers: Hassett's analysis of the Trump tax plan is 'dishonest, incompetent and absurd'
How Netanyahu Pulls Trumps Strings
Notable: Trump's defenders demand from his critics a much higher standard of intelligence, consistency & decency than they ever do from him.
Trump needs to stop the name calling and get back to golf. Trump work? Fake news.
Americans now say Republicans are now responsible for the Affordable Care Act (60% vs. 28%), and that the Trump admin should make the law work rather than sabotaging it to hasten repeal (71% vs. 21%):
If you're a member of the 'religious right' who supports Trump, you're neither religious nor right.
Aaron Lee takes you inside Donald Trumps #Twitter #Marketing Strategy:
Let's take a look
BREAKING: Trump Expects to Nominate FOUR SCOTUS Justices
U.S. Senate Republicans gain moment on tax reform budget measure: U.S. Senate Republicans
Honest question: does Trump think because he lost California, he's not the President in California?
'This country is safer and more prosperous under President Donald Trump'
Thank you
#TuesdayThoughts

Buffalo is full of Trump minded people, sad.
How Donald Trump's fortune fell $600 million in just one year: #Forbes400
A Soulless Coward: Coach Gregg Popovich Responds to Trump | The Nation
Huckabee Sanders tries to spin Trumps fallen soldier smear of Obama: He was just stating a fact Sold her soul...
Donald Trump: I like war heroes who werent captured.
John McCain: I like Presidents whose vision for America is not half-baked, spurious Nationalism cooked up by people who would rather find scapegoats than solve problems.
Sacked Anthony Scaramucci brands Trump political genius
Again, I feel like I'm taking crazy pills. None of the "rebuttals" of Trump's phone call statement actually address what Trump claimed.
Breaking: Trump Drug Czar nominee Tom Marino OUT this is the reporter who broke the story Sunday on Marimo as Trumps swampiest move:
Donald Trump shamefully chooses to spread heinous lies about previous Presidents to deflect from his 34% approval ratin' and failed agenda.
Trump Keeps Promise
SanAntonio Spurs coach Gregg Popovich calls Trump a soulless coward
Sounds on point to me!
| USA Today
#cdnpoli
Notable: Trump's defenders demand from his critics a much higher standard of intelligence, consistency & decency than they ever do from him.
#Airbus may have just torpedoed #Boeing's grand plan to kill off #Bombardier
#Nafta #Congress #Trump #OBOR #Comac

"Half-baked spurious nationalism": McCains most biting recent criticisms of Trump
Pence is "growing increasingly uncomfortable" around Trump - told his staff that the President "smells like a sinner."
Trump tries so hard to make president Obama look bad with 0 success since 2008!

WONT COMPLY WITH CONGRESSIONAL SUBPOENAS! CONGRESS AMERICA IS WATCHING HOW YOU HANDLE THIS
Elections coming!!
Hi PA trump voters,
Here is your MAGA gift
Thank you for your vote
Don't get too sick now.
Off you go
Notable: Trump's defenders demand from his critics a much higher standard of intelligence, consistency & decency than they ever do from him.
Drug czar pick Tom Marino withdraws after opioid report via the Android app
Donald Trump has already shown so much contempt for American troops: disrespecting a Gold Star family, demeaning John McCain's captivity...
Trump voter fraud commission staffer arrested on child pornography charges
Unearthed footage shows Trump squeezing & kissing a woman while talking about offering a job to a beautiful teenager
#RepublicanAMovie....IM JEALOUS OF TRUMP.
Trump claims he calls every soldier's family who died in combat. But note the difference between now and 2009.
Trump is using Kellys sons blood as partisan war paint, and still Kelly will not resign.
Last year, HRC had a bout of pneumonia and got help walking. Media frenzy.
Trump was helped going up three stairs yesterday. Crickets.
Damn right Im angry did more for troops than ever will & I wont let a draft dodger like Trump disrespect him
JW says Congress's unlawful #Obamacare exemptions should END - and we asked to help make it happen.

TRUMP IN ACTION. CHECK OUT WHAT HE OPPOSED ABOUT FIREARM: -
Trump has walked away from Obama's efforts to help relocate America's climate refugees--great scoop from
Trump Falsely Claims Obama Didnt Contact Families of Fallen Troops | Via

"We will not thrive in a world where our leadership and ideals are absent. We wouldn't deserve to." -- McCain

#Arnold #Schwarzenegger says #Congress is terrible at their job and slams #trump!
It is now virtually impossible to say which Trump appointee is the most ridiculous.
Why good and fine men are shown the door in Trumps White House. Smart
Trump now has no White House drug czar, no health secretary & no director of the DEA -- as an opioid epidemic kills 100 Americans a day
What a gross, slanderous thing for Trump to say that other presidents didn't call the families of dead soldiers.
#Trump may not help Americans, but he helps himself
#ImpeachTrump #MuellerInvestigation #Resist #Resign #MuellerTime #UniteBlue #DontheCon
Why Pop was upset matters: "To lie about how previous responded to deaths of soldiersis as low as it gets."
Trump and his bully/negotiators are trying to push #Canada and #Mexico around w/very aggressive policy changes. #NAFTA
. joined to discuss President Trump signing an executive order on #healthcare |
Every time a Trump press secretary abases himself / herself like this, I wonder why they just dont go to work for some nice tobacco company
Today Trump meets with Tspiras what an interesting day.
Notable: Trump's defenders demand from his critics a much higher standard of intelligence, consistency & decency than they ever do from him.
Trump is the least popular president since modern polling began, 13 presidents ago.
Susan Collins fears the trump army encouraging republicans to unseat Rinos. GOOD! We want you fing RINOs out of DC now!!!!
Gregg Popovich did not take kindly to Trumps implication that Obama didnt call fallen soldiers families.

Hillary won the popular vote its the outdated electoral college and the Russian collusion that fixed the queen twitler trump election!
John McCain takes on the "half-baked" nationalism of Trump's presidency
Heard you wanted to hang Gays? Trump wouldn't lie so why don't you go "Hang Yourself"Pence! Do the a favor!
KABOOMGuess who was involved in bribery & collusion w Russia & it ain't Trump️Imagine THAT! Good ole HRC & BHO️
Trump "wants Scaramucci back" in the WH - says he's "missing having an attack dog".
. TICK TOCK Tonight Folks Get ready ️
John McCain said [Trump] is headed to the asscheek of history.
Trump using the death of the son of his Chief of Staff to make a political point might be the most psychotic thing he's done as president.
Why the Somalia bombing matters for President #Trump
What, if anything can be done to stop #Trump from taking away insurance from millions of #Amerians right now?
Read new article and tell Trump to keep his tiny #HandsOffMyBC

#TuesdayThoughts
Good work, Trump voters. (And he didn't lock her up.)
Modi ji quick; looks like President Trump needs another hug
Me whenever I meet a white woman and remember theres a 53% chance she voted for trump
I'm pretty sure turned down his $14mil with San Francisco to get more money, and no one went for it. How is Trump to blame?
Lets give a gift.
Look who's on the cover of Time. Retweet to make sure #Trump gets it. #resist #takeaknee #indivisible
The empathy of a cockroach: Phil Mudd shames Trumps self-centered response to fallen soldiers Amen, #PhilMudd
Trump "joked" Pence wants to "hang" LGBT. Whom does it reflect worse on, Trump or Pence?
Trick question; it reflects worst on the country.
Do YOU think that Trump will be re-elected in 2020?
Vote & RT
Trump Suggests Obama Didnt Call John Kelly After His Son Died In Afghanistan
BREAKING: After Trump drops 92 spots on Forbes List Of Richest Americans, he insists on recount, says he was richest in Electoral College.
John McCain has brain cancer.
Donald #Trump still trash talked this American hero yesterday.
#WhatAreWeBecoming ?
thread: its so obvious that Trump is afraid of walking on stairs
Who said it? hitler or trump hard to tell, same story same goal on racism if hitler had twitter
President Trump Set To Nominate Multiple SCOTUS
I SAY....
️ Make Them All Fixed Document Originalists ️
Woke up to find out bae likes Trump. I'm sad.
Kelly may be one behind Trump's claim that Obama didn't call families of the fallen
Trump: "Ask General Kelly if he got a call from Obama."
San Antonio coach: Trump is "a soulless coward who thinks that he can only become large by belittling others"
It is now virtually impossible to say which Trump appointee is the most ridiculous.
Wonder how General Kelly feels about Trump using his deceased son as a political pawn this morning
The NBA's war with Trump continues: Spurs Coach Popovich calls the president a 'soulless coward'
"To lie about how previous responded to deaths of soldiersis as low as it gets. He's a soulless coward."
When the conversation in a meeting turned to gay rights, Donald Trump motioned toward Mike Pence and joked:
Trump Falsely Claims Obama Didnt Contact Families of Fallen Troops | Via

Let it be known, white ppl are responsible for trump period.
Schumer to Trump: Why do you treat Puerto Ricans differently?
My media literacy class should be called Hey Guys We're Just Gunna Sit Here Every Day and Talk About Donald Trump and Other Racists
OMFG. The Trump admin is blocking undocumented pregnant teens from seeking abortions, even in cases of rape & incest
And Americans stand by Trump
Trump's dumbest utterances presented as comic book covers
Truth is oft times said in jest! pence & trump #lgbtq hate is well documented! Is this just locker room talk like t assaults? #StopTheLies
FBI agent: you're not in trouble, just delete the tweet about Barron trump being thicc
Me: sure, let me get my phone (reaches for gun)
This is simply incredible. Trump is not only mocking Pence, but every member of his base that sold their soul to elect him. h/t
Trumps Benghazi gets worse: His Obama obsession magnifies his disrespect
Trump campaign unveils plan to spend $1 trillion on infrastructure with no tax hikes via
Tom Marinos withdrawal is proof that good journalism can still change things, even in the post-factual, nothing matters Trump era.
How many times does Trump have to tell an outright lie for every news outlet to start headlines with In an outright lie, Trump said...
In light of the news that Trump will see Duterte on his upcoming Asia trip, I'm re-upping this to explain why he's ok with this monster.
Trump drops 92 spots on Forbes richest list after losing $600 million
The was pressed on this recently and acknowledged it wasnt true. Still, Trump claims it. Over & over & over. No accountability.
"I have over 300k followers on twitter and I'm not even verified."
WTF !!! #VerifyOKeefe
Donald Trump shamefully chooses to spread heinous lies about previous Presidents to deflect from his 34% approval ratin' and failed agenda.
Trump's most amazing accomplishment: getting Republicans to disagree about tax cuts
Why is there not more outrage from the Left regarding the massacre of our Forces in Niger? What is #Trump hiding?
Oh yeah. Trump is so like Christ in compassion, understanding, and generosity. Robinson is a blind fool!
What is Trump gonna do, attempt to verbally wound a war hero suffering from a terminal cancer diagnosis?
If you see Trump supporters criticizing The Clinton Foundation, just pass this along.
Shuts 'em up real fast.
Compared to President Bush--and his predecessors and successor--Donald J. Trump is a moral midget.
One of Trump's nominees for a federal judgeship asserted transgender children were evidence of Satans plan
JUST IN: Pennsylvania ObamaCare premiums will rise 30 percent after Trump cut subsidies
The empathy of a cockroach: Phil Mudd shames Trumps self-centered response to fallen soldiers Amen, #PhilMudd
Sen to me, responding to Trump saying at some point I fight back: Ive faced far greater challenges than this.
The malevolence of Trump's claim that Obamacare is "dead" and "gone" is going underappreciated.
It's an effort to depress enrollment:
Im genuinely surprised no journalist has tried asking Trump a question like: Can you name any countries that Iran shares a border with?
Americans now say Republicans are now responsible for the Affordable Care Act (60% vs. 28%), and that the Trump admin should make the law work rather than sabotaging it to hasten repeal (71% vs. 21%):
Donald Trump tweets Tom Marino is a fine man.
He also said Flynn is a fine man.
And Manafort is a fine man.
We know Trump is not a fine man
Trump just used John Kellys dead son to try & prove Obama didnt call families of fallen soldiersIf I were Kelly Id resignthis is awful.
Trump's net worth drops $600 million on Forbes' rich list, falls 92 spots
Tom Marinos withdrawal is proof that good journalism can still change things, even in the post-factual, nothing matters Trump era.
Biden was honored to present John McCain with #LibertyMedal because he handed Trump smear dossier to FBI & voted against Obamacare repeal
Notable: Trump's defenders demand from his critics a much higher standard of intelligence, consistency & decency than they ever do from him.
Trump on his claim other presidents didnt call the families of fallen soldiers: "You could ask General Kelly if he got a call from Obama."
53/ It's *astonishing* Trump took *well under a day* to choose Flynn over the man *he'd wanted for Vice President*a close personal friend.
Honest question: does Trump think because he lost California, he's not the President in California?
Where are statements from "Jeannie" & "Maggie" ? ? ?
Quick to praise #Bergdahl but silence on the successes vs. ISIS under Trump
#nhpolitics
He says uninformed CRAP without fact checking (or forethought) TRUMP'S the 'Godfather of Fake News'
Read this from a witness of Trumps lies about prior presidents
Ok, screw Trump, screw the second amendment and breaking WiFi.
Take 10 minutes of your day to read this.

To understand Trump's Iran policy, follow the money trail of three pro-Israel oligarchs: Adelson, Marcus and Singer
Notable: Trump's defenders demand from his critics a much higher standard of intelligence, consistency & decency than they ever do from him.
McCain gets it right once again.
BREAKING: Whitehouse staffer fired after taking a photo of Trump receiving a spray tan in the oval office. #MAGA
Exactly. MUCH greater connection to Trump/associates than Clinton.
Throwing paper towels at Trump Tower
"Puerto Rican Lives Matter: The Trump Regime Must Go,
November 4 Protest everyday
#Nov4ItBegins
When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Benghazi returned home, both Obama and Clinton were there.
When the remains of 4 soldiers ambushed in Niger returned, Trump was golfing.
Breaking: Trump Drug Czar nominee Tom Marino OUT this is the reporter who broke the story Sunday on Marimo as Trumps swampiest move:
Pop on Trump: "Unfit intellectually, emotionally, & psychologically to hold this office & the whole world knows it."
As Marino steps down, Trump praises drug czar pick as a fine man by wordsofwalsh
Introducing an abstract notion to Trump's brain is like that video where they toss a cinderblock in an old washer
Trump collects at least $4 million per year in federal housing subsidies
#Arnold #Schwarzenegger says #Congress is terrible at their job and slams #trump!
Ivanka Trump helped get Mike Flynn in White House by praising his "amazing loyalty" | Via

Let it be known, white ppl are responsible for trump period.
The GOP monopolizing patriotism disgusts me.
Dad was in Vietnam, Grandfather in WW2
I LOVE the U.S. & I HATE Trump.
Not mutually exclusive!
What were reading this week: piece - Trumps #Iran Gamble Will Not Pay Off
BREAKING: Whitehouse staffer fired after taking a photo of Trump receiving a spray tan in the oval office. #MAGA
Trump Falsely Claims Obama Didnt Contact Families of Fallen Troops | Via

I think the only person who supported him that Trump hasnt mocked or betrayed is Vladimir Putin.
Trumps the man
Retired general calls out Trumps shameful command of military: The president lied about Niger ambush
"The swampiest thing we've seen in a long time"-Lenny Bernstein on Trump Drug Czar pick hindering opioid crackdown
every question via [fill in insane method here].
Yeah, because that makes so much sense too.
And if they can do it then why isn't Trump?
Now would be a good time for women who alleged sexual assault by Trump to come forward again. You were silenced before. Times have changed.
This was in response to question about Trump Tweet. Pai reiterated support for free speech
Read my Oct 17 Newsletter featuring 'A Soulless Coward': Coach Gregg Popovich Responds to Trump
"I've turned West Virginia around because of what I've done environmentally and with coal." Trump tells
Sacked Anthony Scaramucci brands Trump political genius
POWWW!! Woman accusing Trump of sexual harassment was paid $500,000 by Democrats! These Same Dems Enabled Weinstein.

It's ok, though. He's at 45 on the Best U.S. Presidents list.
Americans now say Republicans are now responsible for the Affordable Care Act (60% vs. 28%), and that the Trump admin should make the law work rather than sabotaging it to hasten repeal (71% vs. 21%):
Hold fast, lovers of Liberty. When the first indictments are issued, the walls of injustice will come tumblin' down & GOP will flee Trump.
In a stunning change of direction from the Obama administration, the Trump Department of Health and Human...
Hes a depraved, disgusting, disgraceful, demented, soulless liar. We all deserve a real president. Trump is a pathetic facsimile.
A senior Iranian official says the Islamic Republic will not accept European countries call for
Cambridge Analytica, the shady data firm that might be a key Trump-Russia link, explained via
Trump collects at least $4 million per year in federal housing subsidies
Saying Mike Pence "wants to hang" all gay people is not:
-Funny
-A joke
-Presidential
-To be ignored

Trump thinks we care about the stock market. I care about jobs. Healthcare. Climate change. Social justice. Equality. #TuesdayThoughts
Fmr contestant: confirmed #trump busting n on NAKED GIRLS "Yeah he does that"
With all this tax debate going on, it sure would be nice to know how many millions of dollars Trump is going to save with the GOP plan. Release your tax returns Mr. President.
This is so 2017: Company of Tom Barrack, one of Trump's closest friends, swoops in with money for Weinstein Company
Holding steady is not your headline, guys. 37 fucking percent approval is your headline. Jesus.
Trump's net worth drops $600 million on Forbes' rich list, falls 92 spots

Trump official halts abortions among undocumented, pregnant teens
White House now blaming Pentagon paperwork for Trumps failure to honor fallen US troops
Top Trump official John Kelly ordered ICE to portray immigrants as criminals to justify raids by
